feat: all reduce docs (#40)
cisco-open/pymultiworld: examples/README.md

# Examples

The list of available examples can be found here:

## Point-to-Point Communication

> * [`send_recv - multiple worlds`](send_recv/m8d.py) demonstrates how to receive data from multiple worlds in a leader process using asyncio.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`send_recv - multiple worlds`](send_recv/m8d.py) demonstrates a case where a leader process receives data (e.g., tensors) from workers that belong to different worlds (i.e., process groups).
```

> * [`send_recv - single world`](send_recv/single_world.py) example that utilizes the native PyTorch distributed package to send tensors between processes, in a single world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`send_recv - single world`](send_recv/single_world.py) is an example that utilizes the native PyTorch distributed package to send tensors among processes in a single world (i.e., one process group). This example shows that the default process group management can't handle the fault gracefully during model serving.
```

> * [`resnet`](resnet) demonstrates how to run a ResNet model on multiple worlds using PyTorch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`resnet`](resnet) demonstrates a use case where a ResNet model is run across two workers and failure on one worker won't affect the operation of the other due to the fault domain isolation with the ability of creating multiple worlds (i.e., multiple independent process group).
```

## Collective Communication

> * [`all_reduce`](all_reduce) This script demonstrates how to

Reviewer: How about the following?

\[\`all_reduce\`\]\(all_reduce\) This script demonstrates a case where all_reduce on tensors are executed for different worlds, without any interference across different worlds.
